Modify rule S1206: LaYC format (#2290)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1206/csharp/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

There is a contract between https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object.equals[Object.Equals] and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object.gethashcode[Object.GetHashCode]: If two objects are equal according to the `Equals` method, then calling `GetHashCode` on each of them must yield the same integer. If this is not the case, many collections, such as a https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.hashtable[Hashtable] or a https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.dictionary-2[Dictionary] won't handle class instances correctly.

In order to comply with the contract, `Equals` and `GetHashCode` should be either both inherited, or both overridden.

== How to fix it

> When you want to use `Equals` and `GetHashCode`, either override both of them, or simply inherit them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you override `Equals` then you have to override also `GetHashCode`. You have to override both of them, or simply inherit them.
```

}
----

== Resources

=== Documentation

* https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/581[MITRE, CWE-581] - Object Model Violation: Just One of Equals and Hashcode Defined
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object.equals[Object.Equals Method] 
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object.gethashcode[Object.GetHashCode Method]
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.hashtable[Hashtable class]  
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.dictionary-2[Dictionary<TKey,TValue> Class] 

> ifdef::env-github,rspecator-view,env-vscode[]

Author: By using this flag, you can render this part locally in vscode. It works like an environment variable, useful for development, no impact in the product.

> ifdef::env-github,rspecator-view,env-vscode[]

Reviewer: Cool thanks - I'll use it too.
